[CK_TILE] Add 2:4 structured sparsity support for fp16 gemm (#1957)
ROCm/composable_kernel: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

* Added support for BF16, FP32, and FP16 data types for 2D and 3D NGCHW grouped convolution backward data.

> * Added support for FP16 2:4 structured sparsity to universal gemm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for FP16 2:4 structured sparsity to universal GEMM.
```

### Added

> * Added support for bf16, f32, and f16 for 2D and 3D NGCHW grouped convolution backward data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for BF16, FP32, and FP16 data types for 2D and 3D NGCHW grouped convolution backward data.
```

> * Added support for f16 2:4 structured sparsity universal gemm

Reviewer: Was it support for "FP16 2:4 structured sparsity" that was added to universal gemm 

or

was it support for "FP16 2:4 structured sparsity universal GEMM" that was added?

Author: Thanks! It was the first option, I'll update it accordingly
